very good this year so good to see you
what an exciting night yeah did you meet
have you ever run for any office or
anything even like in school okay so the
only thing close to that I was in I was
on I'm sorry I was president Oh
the graduation committee at the Lord
Byng secondary the graduation committee
yes so it was basically a glorified
social planner I did the prom I did the
graduation ceremony and it's actually
funny because you know I I would collect
money from like all of the grads and I
remember one day I had to take the bus
and like go to the venue with like 5,000
Canadian dollars oh really and and like
give it so it was a really weird job and
I was thinking about it actually
recently and I said I could have made I
could have taken I couldn't take it off
with that money you could have sold
their life you could have you been on
the run right now probably still living
off about are you an American citizen
because that may no I mean maybe I am
now we met maybe he can put in a good
word for me actually
I am a Canadian citizen sorry to an
American married to an American so I am
in I'm in the queue I am in the becoming
an American citizen queue I have a green
card so easy everybody it doesn't happen
it doesn't happen automatically no and
actually when I got my green card it was
a really funny process because as I'm
sure a lot of people know you have to go
in and improve that yes we are in a
relationship we are married this is not
a fake marriage and for us because you
know we're both in the entertainment
industry
we were like you could just Google yeah
on the internet and there's photos of us
going back to like 2002 that doesn't
work well we still brought in like the
couple photos and they're supposed to
like check with relations like here we
are in a red carpet at the
country music America 2004 you know so
it's what we got I got in and we'll see
if I become your husband taran killam
was here about a year ago and he's he's
so American that he's wearing Rams sport
jackets now it's not just the jacket
he's also wearing Rams sneakers
yeah as well that we can overlook but
the Rams sport coat is this something
you approve of listen listen marriage I
love my husband let me start with that
okay I love him dearly
um we've been together for 14 years this
is new Jimmy this this this Rams love
his Rams feet yeah this Rams fever it
was you know when the Rams came to Los
Angeles he doubled down he went all-in
and you know like I'm saying before I
grew up in Canada we didn't have
football in high school I don't
understand the game um I don't
necessarily you know enjoy watching the
game but I love my husband
you're a new show Stumptown premieres
tonight he was just on right now yeah
well no in the past yeah tell us give it
an idea of what the show is about
because it was the name of a coffee
brand it is it is also Stumptown as an
acronym for the city of Portland so our
show takes place in the city of Portland
and I play the character exp Rios and
she's sort of like a drifter she's been
she's out of the army she's a veteran
she's suffering from PTSD and she hasn't
been able to hold down a steady job in
ten years and the idea of becoming a
private investigator is lofted to her
and so that's what she's attempting
right now that is what she's in tempt
and weirdly your husband's show is on a
break right before right your husband is
your leader now if he does not deliver
you the ratings that you require
will you marry Nathan Fillion for
example someone we find ourselves I
never thought that this would happen
it's very bizarre but the wonderful
thing is we both are working and living
in the same city which in this industry
is such a rarity so it is very rare yeah
and would there be any scenario where
you would beat him up in a in a motel
room yes okay well this is great well
congratulations we're very happy to have
you here at the network I think I speak
on behalf of our other foreign friend
Guillermo who's here from
oh damn oh dear Mo's been an American
citizen for like ten years
1012 years yes yeah 1012 years he got
right in no problem it's going well it's
the best okay yeah we'll see we'll make
some calls
Trump would let you in I think he go you
know what I have a pretty hard policy
about these things but in your case come
right in
okay the show's called Stumptown
Wednesday nights ten o'clock here on ABC
Cobie Smulders everybody thanks for
watching if you liked that video click
the subscribe button and if you didn't
like it will you hurt my feelings